Umbraco CI/CD Flow - first take (#5476)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: umbraco-cloud/set-up/project-settings/umbraco-cicd/README.md

# What is Umbraco CI/CD Flow?

> _Umbraco CI/CD Flow_ is designed to facilitate the seamless integration of your existing CI/CD flow with Umbraco Cloud. The primary objective of this feature is to enable your automated workflows to deploy directly to Umbraco Cloud. This allows you to leverage the best of both worlds: the robustness of your current CI/CD setup and the specialized hosting environment of Umbraco Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Umbraco CI/CD Flow_ is designed to facilitate the seamless integration of your existing CI/CD flow with Umbraco Cloud. The primary objective of this feature is to enable your automated workflows to deploy directly to Umbraco Cloud. This lets you leverage the best of both worlds: the robustness of your current CI/CD setup and the specialized hosting environment of Umbraco Cloud.
```

> Umbraco Cloud continues to be a cornerstone in this setup, providing a cloud-based hosting solution specifically optimized for Umbraco CMS. With an integration to your Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) pipeline, Umbraco CI/CD allows the inclusion of automated workflows for building, testing, and deploying your Umbraco projects. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Umbraco Cloud continues to be a cornerstone in this setup, providing a cloud-based hosting solution specifically optimized for Umbraco CMS. With integration to your Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) pipeline, Umbraco CI/CD allows the inclusion of automated workflows. These automated workflows include building, testing, and deploying your Umbraco projects. 
```

> Umbraco Cloud continues to be a cornerstone in this setup, providing a cloud-based hosting solution that is specifically optimized for Umbraco CMS. With a simple integration to your  Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) pipeline, Umbraco CI/CD Flow allows you to include automated workflows for building, testing, and deploying your Umbraco projects. It is as easy as that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Umbraco Cloud continues to be a cornerstone in this setup, providing a cloud-based hosting solution specifically optimized for Umbraco CMS. With an integration to your Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) pipeline, Umbraco CI/CD allows the inclusion of automated workflows for building, testing, and deploying your Umbraco projects. 
```

## Advantages of Utilizing Umbraco CI/CD Flow

Explore the practical benefits of using Umbraco CI/CD Flow for your development and deployment needs. This solution aims to simplify your workflow, improve team collaboration, and reduce deployment time. Here are some key advantages to consider:

_Seamless Integration with Existing CI/CD_

> - Umbraco CI/CD Flow allows customers to easily connect their existing CI/CD pipelines to Umbraco Cloud, making the transition smoother and reducing the learning curve.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Umbraco CI/CD Flow allows customers to connect their existing CI/CD pipelines to Umbraco Cloud, making the transition smoother and reducing the learning curve.
```

_Enhanced CI/CD Features_
- The feature enables unique CI/CD features like PR-flows and automated tests, which are not natively available in Umbraco Cloud. This adds a layer of quality assurance and streamlines the development workflow.

_Scalability and Flexibility_

> - Umbraco CI/CD Flow allows for greater scalability and flexibility in your deployment process. You can easily adapt your existing CI/CD pipeline to handle larger projects or more complex workflows without having to overhaul your Umbraco Cloud setup.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Umbraco CI/CD Flow allows for greater scalability and flexibility in your deployment process. You can adapt your existing CI/CD pipeline to handle larger projects or more complex workflows without having to overhaul your Umbraco Cloud setup.
```

_Centralized Management_
- With Umbraco CI/CD Flow, you can centralize the management of your deployments, tests, and workflows. This makes it easier to monitor, troubleshoot, and optimize your processes, leading to more efficient and reliable deployments. Automating deployment minimizes the risc for human errors that could have a negative effect on the target environment.

> Umbraco CI/CD Flow serves as a bridge between your existing CI/CD pipeline and Umbraco Cloud, enabling a more streamlined and automated deployment process. While it offers several advantages, there are also limitations that need to be considered. On the page 'Known Limitations and Considerations' you will find a detailed list of the pros and cons of using Umbraco CI/CD Flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Umbraco CI/CD Flow serves as a bridge between your existing CI/CD pipeline and Umbraco Cloud, enabling a more streamlined and automated deployment process. While it offers a number of advantages, there are also limitations that need to be considered. On the page 'Known Limitations and Considerations' you will find a detailed list of the pros and cons of using Umbraco CI/CD Flow.
```

## Overview of Flow

> The CI/CD process for Umbraco projects involves several key steps, from code development locally to deployment to Umbraco Cloud. The flow is generally as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CI/CD process for Umbraco projects involves some key steps, from code development locally to deployment to Umbraco Cloud. The flow is generally as follows:
```
